image-viewer-multiple-images (#349)
gristlabs/grist-help: help/en/docs/widget-custom.md

*![image-viewer-save-image](images/widget-custom/image-viewer-save-image.png)*

> Additionally, you can add multiple images for a specific entry. First, head to the 🌳 All National Park Sites Card and click into the Park Image field. 

Reviewer: Make the language more generic (no specific mention of template / column name)
```suggestion
Additionally, you can add multiple images for a specific record by adding multiple image URLs, separated by a space or new line, into a single cell.
```

> *![image-viewer-park-card](images/widget-custom/image-viewer-park-card.png)*

Reviewer: delete this screenshot - just show the one with two links, separated by newline

> Here, you can paste an additional link to add another photo. For proper spacing, use a space or a new line. A comma will not work to seperate the links. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A comma will not work to separate the links. 
```

*![image-viewer-multiple-links](images/widget-custom/image-viewer-multiple-links.png)*

> Now, there are two photos that you can toggle through by clicking on the arrows in the 🌳 All National Park Sites Custom Widget. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When multiple image URLs are present, the image viewer custom widget will function as a carousel. Click the arrows to view additional images.
```
